What does it mean to be a green beauty? For me, it means being kind to the planet by using eco-friendly and sustainable products. It also means being gentle on myself and others by using non-toxic products. And finally, it means creating a healthy environment for myself and those around me.

As a female model and portrait photographer, I often get asked about how to achieve the "perfect" photo shoot or portrait. And while there are many different opinions out there, I believe that the key to a great photo shoot or portrait is simply feeling beautiful and confident in yourself.

I remember one of my first photo shoots where I was absolutely terrified. I had no idea what I was doing and I felt so out of place. But as soon as I saw the final images, I was amazed at how beautiful I looked. And that's when I realized that feeling beautiful is really about being comfortable in your own skin and having confidence in yourself.

So, if you're thinking about starting a green beauty routine or just want to feel more confident in yourself, here are some tips that have helped me:

1. Find products that work for you and your skin type.

There are so many different green beauty products out there and it can be overwhelming trying to figure out which ones to use. The best way to find products that work for you is to experiment and find what works best for your skin type. For example, if you have dry skin, you might want to try a hydrating face mask or serum. Or if you have oily skin, you might want to use an oil-free cleanser or toner.

2. Be patient and give your skin time to adjust.

If you're switching to green beauty products from conventional ones, it's important to be patient and give your skin time to adjust. When I first started using natural skincare products, my skin went through a bit of a detox phase where it was breaking out more than usual. But after a few weeks, my skin cleared up and began to look and feel better than ever before. So don't be discouraged if you experience some initial breakouts or irritation - it's just your skin getting used to the new products.

3. Simplify your routine.

One of the best things about green beauty is that you don't need a lot of products to achieve healthy, beautiful skin. In fact, sometimes less is more when it comes to skincare. So instead of using 10 different products, try simplifying your routine and just using a few key items that will work for you. For example, you might only need a cleanser, toner, moisturizer, and serum to get started.